Born to a poor family on the outskirts of the city, Levi was raised on scraps and a life of thievery.

Since a young age, he'd do whatever it took to survive in this world, no matter how unsavory it seemed to the wealthier public.

Almost exclusively, Levi stole from the rich, and opposed the imperial guard who made life difficult for the people in the slums.

Levi was tired of being passive and waiting for the guard to make their moves, he commited himself to stop them from ever coming back to torment the people around him.

Levi begins his trek further into the city, his goal is to destroy the outposts that supply the guard.

Stephen's paragraph:
He worked out his plans to the smallest of details, ensuring that nothing could prevent him from succeeding his task. On a hidden cloth behind his jacket, mapped out a route

to every outpost in the city. A the dawn of midnight, Levi struck the first of the outposts. With percise stealth and movements, he took out guard by guard, post by post. To

Levi's suprise, each post increased in defense. There were more soldiers, more armor, and artilliary. Levi had calculated this within his plans, but nothing to this degree. His

previous attacks much have been caught some how and alerted the main post. The only post left, as the moonlight fell and the sunlight began to rise. Given the unplanned

circumstances, Levi waited. He analyzed the post that was no longer following the same defense patters and rotations. He leaped from building to building to gain a greater 

surveillance. Until, an arrow pierced through the air, and struck Levi in the arm. He had been discovered.

/Cazza Paragraph:
Upon waking up from what appeared to be a poisoned arrow tip, Levi is encircled by over a hundred guards, all of which, by the grins on their faces, know about Levi's journey. 

Levi, unafraid, gets up and begins turning in circles to truly understand the scope of how many people are against him. Stealth would no longer be an option and with all his weapons taken and melted down, Levi is, for the first time, completely helpless. 

Levi knew that his efforts weren't going to go unnoticed and that those who he has helped for years. Levi knew that a revolution would come as a result of what would happen to him. 

Ready to accept his fate as a necessary martyr for the movement, Levi closes his eyes and runs straight into the crowd, smiling all the while...

He knew that this was the only way to really destroy the imperial guard, as word would spread quicker than wildfire within and throughout the land.

The End.
